Previously on All The Queen's Men...
Prosecution. you may call
your first witness.
Sometimes you
gotta take the law
into your own hands.
She has a torture room
in her club's basement
And I sprayed luminol
on the areas of question
and Madam's basement lit up
like a Christmas tree.
Destroy this bitch.
- Oh. you gon' die!
- No. No!
I'm making some changes
around here.
What's good. old man?
I made an imprint of one
of her credit cards.
I don't know man.
This-this don't feel right.
You're my man now.
I don't want you entertaining
any of these other girls!
If I can't have you.
no one will!
Every time you kill someone.
it's a stain on your soul.
You don't want that
on your conscience.
but I don't give a fuck!
You were the one
who brought me my drink.
It had to be you.
Nigga. you drugging bitches?
What the fuck is this?
Has the jury reached a verdict?
We the jury find the defendant
not guilty.
Raise your glasses.
The way to live life is to treat
your loyal friends well.
Guess who's in VIP. bitches.
And to make sure
that your enemies...
...regret ever fucking with you.
What did you forget?
How the fuck--
♪ Yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ They know
Not to play with me ♪
♪ They know I get it started ♪
♪ Ask me will I take it easy?
♪ Told 'em that it's harder ♪
♪ Ask me will I quit?
Oh no sir I beg your pardon ♪
♪ They're sayin'
That it's light ♪
♪ But I turn
This bitch to darkness ♪
♪ The Sun
It go up ♪
♪ We don't play around ♪
♪ I won't play about
My dinero ♪
♪ Got some gangstas
In the cut now ♪
♪ And they're doing
What I say so ♪
The fuck is this shit?
Let's consider it a pause.
As in an opportunity
to turn your life around.
If you survive.
I'm sorry. turn my life around?
What the fuck
are you talking about?
- Bitch. you barely know me!
- True
But if I want to get out of here
I have to help you.
Hmm. Well. I would advise you
turn around and go back
to whatever cookout
you just came from.
You know...
I wouldn't be so pious
with that hole in your chest.
I came to tell you
firsthand. Madam...
you do not want to see your life
the way I saw mine
when I got to the other side.
Courtesy of your goon. no less.
It's too late for me.
But you...
you might want to take
this time to...
reconsider.
Reconsider what? Hmm?
Everything!
Help!
Hang on. Madam
Madam! Hang on. Madam!
Somebody help me!
Help!
Somebody help!
Madam. hang on. Madam! Please.
- What happened?
- She was shot.
Pulse is weak.
Pupils aren't dilating.
Get her into the OR stat!
Have Dr. Miller meet me there.
Where are you taking her?
- To surgery.
- I'm going with her.
Sir. she's in really bad shape
right now.
The best thing you can do
for her is let us do our job.
Okay. what's the victim's name?
- Madam ain't nobody's victim.
- What is her name?
- Marilyn DeVille.
- And your relationship to her?
- We family.
- I know this is hard...
but you brought Marilyn
to the right place.
Okay. we're gonna do the best
we can to save her life.
You okay?
I promise you...
when I find the motherfucker
that came for Madam...
for everything that I love...
I'm gon' kill him!
Stop crying. Tom.
Stop crying.
She's gonna be okay.
Madam can't die. Blue!
She'll be fine.
You'll see.
...the cow has been
returned to its rightful owner.
In local news. Marilyn DeVille.
local entrepreneur and owner
of popular nightclub. Eden.
has been shot
inside of her very own office.
There are no details
on Ms. DeVille's condition.
Now. here's Elon
with the five-day forecast.
I'm surprised to see you awake.
I thought I put that ass
to sleep!
You think highly of yourself.
I made you cum three times.
Why wouldn't I?
I'm down for four if you are.
- Quincy.
- Mm-hmm?
What did we do tonight?
When?
- A few hours ago.
- Damn.
Maybe I put it on you
too strong.
Listen. seriously.
I asked you a question.
What did... What did we do?
We did the usual.
Took some pills.
Did some drinking.
Then a lot of fucking.
Okay. All right.
Then I had to get up out of here
because you was on a rant
about Madam.
Kind of scary. actually.
I hope Madam's
gon' be all right. man.
Yo. who you think did this?
Could be anybody.
Madam does have
a lot of enemies.
Yo. 'Night. where are you?
We're all at the hospital
waiting to see about Madam.
Man. hit me back.
'Night still ain't answering
his phone.
Yeah. and knowing 'Night
he probably out smashing
some female.
Man. it's not like him.
Women never stop Midnight
from answering his phone
when one of us calls.
Man. you over thinking.
It's been a crazy-ass night.
This shit with Madam
got us all on the edge.
Maybe.
- What the fuck?
- What?
This chick over here looking
at me all weird and shit!
They probably recognize
you from those flyers
that protesting bitch put up.
What's happening with my aunt?
All we know is that
somebody shot her.
Who?
A dead motherfucker
once we find him.
She's in surgery right now.
We're waiting for an update.
Hey. Hey. You okay?
I've been calling you all night.
My ringer was off.
I couldn't hear my phone.
Fuck all that. Where's Madam?
- Nigga. are you praying?
- No!
Amen.
Mercury must be in retrograde
because when I tell you
this week has been nuts!
- Hi. Can I help you?
- Katrina Davis. Atlanta PD.
Marilyn DeVille was admitted
here earlier tonight.
What can you tell me
about her status?
Marilyn DeVille?
All I can tell you is that
she's in surgery now.
It appears the gunshot
did extensive damage.
Okay? But I need you to call me
as soon as she wakes up.
I need to ask her some questions
and it doesn't matter what time.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Unless of course...
she doesn't wake up.
Man. I hate hospitals.
all these sick motherfuckers!
The crazy thing about hospitals
is that people could have
two totally different
experiences in them.
What's your country-ass
talking about now?
Think about it. some people
come in here to have babies
some of the happiest times
of their lives!
And then you got
people in here like us.
Crying and shit.
Worryin' about somebody dying!
Life. death.
two different experiences
all in the same place.
Man. is you high?
I'm getting the munchies
just listening to you!
All I'm gonna say is
how y'all niggas could be
up in here laughin'
when Madam up
in there fighting for her life!
Nah. you right. We were just
trying to lighten the mood.
What the fuck!
- Whoa!
- We need a nurse!
- Yo. what happened?
- Who did this?
Crazy bitch Renee.
Pepper sprayed me
and stabbed me.
I guess I passed out.
I saw your text when I woke up.
I bled in some nigga's taxi
all the way over here.
Where's Madam?
They operating on her
as we speak.
Let 'em take care of you.
all right?
You know Madam would want you
to take care of yourself first.
You can take him.
Okay.
But you ain't rollin' me around
like no bitch!
What a night. right?
So. how long...
am I gonna be stuck in here
with your dead ass?
That depends. your destiny has
yet to be decided.
Oh. shit. Well. I hope my fate
isn't in your incompetent hands.
If so. obviously like you
I am doomed.
This is about you.
Your life is full of
chaos and destruction.
And if you continue
along that path...
the consequences
are gonna be dire.
Look. lady.
I have only ever done
what I've needed to do
to survive.
Maybe.
But now you get to see
the results
of your ill-gotten gains.
Yo. I can't fuck with this
vending machine food. man.
And no disrespect
to the matter at hand.
but I'm hungrier
than a motherfucker.
I'm with you. bruh.
I can definitely eat.
Me. too.
I mean...
we could go over to Mattie B's
and get some food over there.
It's not much we can do
for Madam here anyway.
At least not till we find out
what's next.
Shit. I'm down
- I'mma sit this one out.
- Why?
'Cause you ain't got no money?
Shut the fuck up. Trouble.
Ain't nobody
even asked you shit.
Shut the fuck up.
broke-ass nigga.
- I got money.
- No.
You got money problems!
It's a... a big difference
Yo. both of y'all
shut the fuck up.
Come on. man.
I got you. man. Let's go.
Yeah. y'all go ahead.
Get something to eat.
Me and Dime.
we gon' stay back. just in case.
- You sure?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
All right. fam.
do what you gotta do?
Keep us posted
if you need anything.
- Will do man.
- Come on. man.
You all right?
Oh. my God!
Where is she? Is she all right?
W-what did the doctor say?
We don't know much of anything
yet. but she's not doing great.
Oh. no. Lord. no!
Jesus. not my sister!
Oh. really?
Amp!
What?
- It's okay.
- We're good.
Just wish she would stop crying
and all that bullshit
over there.
W-what're you talking about?
You know what the fuck
I'm talking about.
You don't care nothing about
what no doctor say.
You don't care about how
Madam is doin' in there.
And you damn sure don't care
about the Lord. Right?
You probably happy that she's
in there. motherfucker. right?
Can you just please admit
for one time
that you here for the money?
Happy? Look!
I don't know where
your disrespectful ass attitude
came from. but that woman
that you call Madam.
is my sister!
That is family.
And I don't give a damn what
or who you think I care about.
I'm not letting you go in there.
How about that?
You must have lost
your damn mind!
I brought you into this world
I could take you out.
You know what.
I'm so sick and tired of you.
Every time you come here.
it's always some bullshit. man.
How about you try to be
a mama for once?
Instead of acting like you care
about only yourself?
That's. that's. that's...
- Dime! Dime. Oh!
- Wait. wait. Wait!
Hey. can I get a nurse?
Nurse! Hey. look at me now.
We need a nurse!
Help!
- Dime. c-come on.
- Oh. God. no!
So. let me get this straight.
You weren't there
when Madam got shot.
but you were there
just in time to scoop her up
and bring her to the hospital?
Yep.
Just like your mama
scooped these nuts
in her mouth last night.
Are you done being a smartass?
Your boss was shot.
and I'm here trying
to figure out who shot her.
I don't talk to cops.
Of course. you don't.
And you? Let me guess.
- You don't talk to cops either?
- No. I talk to them.
Just not for too long.
Hell. I can't even stand
the stench!
Besides.
I left before it happened.
Well. isn't that
pretty convenient?
Does any of this look
convenient to you?
Now. you know
we didn't shoot Madam.
You need to be out there
trying to figure out who did.
Well. since neither of you
have anything to share.
I'm pretty sure we'll find
all the evidence
that we need at Eden.
Oh. yeah. see.
your little dance club
is my crime scene now.
And it just so happens to be
my next stop.
Fuck.
- What you wanna do?
- Go back to Eden.
Make sure this bitch
ain't looking at shit
she ain't supposed
to be looking at.
All right. I'll stay here
and look after Madam.
All right. man.
Where's my sister?
Where is she?
Huh? Where's my...
Oh. bitch!
You had something
to do with this. didn't you?
- Oh. me?
- Yeah.
Bitch. you are being
real extra right now.
You know that?
And for the record.
nobody's going for that
cheap-ass concerned sister act
of yours either.
- Cheap?
- Mmm.
The only thing that's cheap is
that sock dress you're wearing.
That dollar store lipstick
you got on.
Please. just shut up. Toni.
S-stop talking to me.
- Man. fuck you. Carla.
- No. fuck you!
Everything was fine until you
brought your ass back here.
Ah. shit.
- Everything was fine?
- Mmm.
Like when she stabbed you
in your chest? Hmm?
Hmm?
Shit. you have more reason
to wanna shoot her than I do.
You giving me a reason
to wanna shoot your ass.
Whatever.
Whenever you want it.
I got it for you. bitch.
Stay away from me.
My sister's in a fight for her
fucking life. Toni. Shut up!
You the one being loud.
What the fuck
are you doing here?
I'm just paying my respects.
Well. you can pay that shit
somewhere else.
There's a chapel down the hall.
You don't wanna do this.
Tommy.
The fuck I don't.
Death need not an invitation.
yet you can feel his breath...
as you lie here quietly
so close to death.
But if you could go back
and do things differently...
would you try to change
who you are
and want to be?
Or would you let that rage
that you thrive on
and survive on...
would you still let that be
the very hill you die on?
I warned you. Madam.
I told you this would happen.
I tried to show you
a different way.
and you fought me every step.
Anything that I have built...
I can rebuild.
I wouldn't be too sure
about that.
Hm?
Your actions put into motion
a ripple effect
that eventually
all come back to you.
It's called karma.
So. unless you start
doing things differently...
next time things might
not be as easy as you think.
Get away from my daughter.
What'd you do to Tommy?
It's a West African neurotoxin.
He'll be fine in a couple
of minutes. It'll wear off.
Too bad you won't be.
If you think that I'm the reason
that your daughter is in this
predicament. you're mistaken.
- I know you did this.
- James?
I don't do half measures.
If I wanted your daughter dead.
she would be dead.
- and not in a coma.
- Mm-hm.
Why should I believe
any shit you say. huh?
And besides.
I still owe you for my eye.
Excuse me.
You all can't be in here.
- This is an ICU room.
- I was just leavin'.
- The fuck's he goin'?
- Not here.
No disrespect. Mr. James.
But that motherfucker
just drugged me.
Not here. not now.
We'll get him.
Man. I can't believe somebody
got ahold of Madam.
She's the last person
I would have ever thought of
to catch a bullet.
Madam's strong.
She'll pull through.
Just gotta have faith.
You're right. but...
just the thought of her
laying there
on the operating table
with a hole in her chest...
Just try not to think about it.
I can't not think about it. man.
We owe Madam our lives. bro.
Like. if it wasn't for Eden.
man. I don't know where I'd be.
I'd be dead in a ditch
or dancing for dollars
in some shithole. ya heard?
H-hold on.
How long you think Eden's gonna
be closed while Madam's down?
What we gonna do for work?
Are you seriously
just thinking about yourself
- right now. Trouble?
- Hell yeah. nigga.
I just made VIP.
I'm not missing out on singles.
I'm missing out
on ones with the zeros.
I gots to get mine.
You can't dance
all your life. Trouble.
- You need a backup plan.
- Man. speak for yourself.
This body is built for speed.
and I'm gonna ride this chariot
till the wheels fall off.
Ain't nothing else.
It's like running
into a dead end. bro.
Look. Fuego. I hear you
loud and clear. man.
We can't just be thinking
about the club all the time.
We gotta have
other options for sure. man.
That's why I'm working on a new
virtual reality experience.
Matter of fact. when I'm done
with the prototype
I want you to check it out.
Well. that's what's up. man.
I'm game.
Damn. bro.
You ordered
everything off the menu
except thank you and come again.
Yeah. and I gotta pay
for that shit.
Should've gave your ass
the kid's menu.
Hey. slow down. man.
You ain't gotta finish it all.
Put this in a go bag
and take it with you.
Where you sleeping at
these days. Face?
With your mama.
Hey. yo. Face.
Man. I ain't even have to pay
your tab. man.
That lady over there
took care of it.
- Her?
- Her.
- Man. stop pointing.
- Look. man. don't be rude.
Go over there and thank her
or something.
She is rocking
a little designer bag.
I'mma go say something to her.
Damn sugar baby.
Hey. you mind if I move this?
No. please.
Mr. Mercer? I'm Dr. Dillard.
How are you feeling?
Like a roast beef on Christmas.
It says here you sustained eight
lacerations to the abdomen.
ranging from one
to one and a half inches each.
- She crazy. huh?
- Let's have a look.
Oh. my. This is impressive.
Now I understand why your
injuries were minimized.
- Come again?
- The density of your muscle mass
prevented the blade
from going deeper
and puncturing any vital organs.
Hmm. Good I work out.
I can make something else
bounce. too.
Oh. I bet you can.
I can already tell
you're gonna be a fun one.
I'll be back shortly
to stitch you up. okay?
Like with a needle?
Oh. don't worry.
I'll take real good care of you.
So you're saying
I shouldn't be concerned?
Fainting is normal
during the first trimester.
I was driving 30 minutes
before it happened.
What if I had passed out
behind the wheel?
Well. you didn't. I'd say
you're a very lucky woman.
We're still waiting for your
blood samples from the lab.
but according to your ultrasound
everything looks good
with the baby.
I do highly recommend
you begin taking
prenatal vitamins
as soon as possible.
Anything else?
Well. if possible.
keep your stress level down.
Anything that affects you
affects the baby.
Okay. I will.
You got this.
It's exciting.
Ah! So you think
a straitjacket scares me.
Ha-ha! That's laughable.
I have been psychoanalyzed
since I was a kid.
So I don't give a fuck
about your psych ward.
I don't give a fuck
about a straitjacket.
And I don't give a fuck
about you.
Because I...
I will be all right.
Yes. undoubtedly you will.
Yeah. thank you. We agree.
But what about everybody else?
All those blind followers
that love you so much.
Who are loyal to you.
My followers aren't blind.
They are loyal.
They're solid. They're my crew.
And they will be all right too.
Will they though?
You truly have no idea
the type of destruction
that comes from being
in your orbit.
You couldn't protect them.
They're dead!
And now you're alone.
Officer Herbert.
I know you're not stepping
all over my crime scene.
Just give me the report.
You can go. Thank you.
All right. so according to this
Madam was shot with a 1911.
That's interesting.
So the victim's body
was found here.
apparently shot
through the door.
I see that there's
no signs of forced entry.
so she probably
knew the perp.
Huh! Would you look at this.
Looks like Madam got a shot off.
Damn right. she did.
Miss Payne. this is an active
crime scene. You can't be here.
Are we really gonna do
this dance. Davis?
You're gon' to tell me to leave
and I'mma find my way
back in.
You can't be here.
Don't waste my time.
You and I both know
I ain't going nowhere.
All right. fine.
Just stay out of my way. okay?
Samantha. That's a pretty name.
All my friends call me Babyface.
I'm very pleased to meet you.
Babyface.
Yeah. for sure. and. um...
I appreciate you for
taking care of my food.
It was nothing.
you had a lot of food
and I like a man who can eat.
Yeah. I do love to eat.
You got a pretty smile.
I like your vibe.
You seem fun.
I like to take care of myself...
and the people around me.
Hm! I do love a generous woman.
Good.
Because it makes me happy
to give and receive.
Well. I hear that!
Mm-hm.
What you do for a living?
Mm. I'm a bit of a epicurean.
I like to shop. travel...
explore pleasures?
Well. pleasure
is my middle name.
Where you live?
I live in Buckhead.
What about you?
Where do you live?
I'm. uh. in between places
right now.
Hmm.
Well. if you want to get
in between something else.
Oh. shit!
Right here? In front of
everybody? That's how you feel?
What did you think
I was reaching for?
Excuse me. I have to take this.
Hello?
Yes. Ernest.
I'm ready.
Okay.
Ernest?
Yo. if this is one of those.
your dude watching me
fuck you...
I ain't with all that.
All right? I'll let you know
that right now.
No. honey.
Ernest is my driver.
You got a driver?
- Yes.
- That's what's up.
Yes. and he's coming for me now.
But... would you like
to walk me to my car?
Absolutely.
Let me. uh...
Hold on. I got you.
How do you...
Uh-oh.
- That's how you...
- Ooh. I love a man with muscles.
Oh. do you?
Police still have no leads
on the attempted murder
of infamous nightclub owner
Marilyn DeVille.
However. they have announced
a $20.000 reward for any...
20 G's?
Aw. shit!
Think I might know somebody
that knows something
about that night.
Yo. what's up. Fuego?
Um. excuse me.
Pick-up order for Amp.
- Amp. there you are.
- What's up. bruh?
- What's up. brother? Ah!
- How you doing?
- You not staying? Where's Dime?
- No.
Um. we had to stay back
at the hospital. man.
- Dime kinda fainted.
- What?
Yeah. yeah. it's cool.
She's all right.
- Is she okay?
- Yeah. she's good.
Actually. Fuego. she's. uh...
she's more than good. bro.
Dime's pregnant.
- For real?
- Yeah.
- Congratulations. man.
- Thank you. man.
Wait.
It is congratulations. right?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Um...
Shit. I ain't gonna lie. bro.
I'm... I'm a little nervous.
I got to say something. man.
I'm like...
I'm excited. man.
I'm about to be a daddy.
Hell. yeah. you are.
Yeah. yeah. man.
Wow.
And. Fuego.
I think this baby's gonna be
just what I need to save me.
What do you mean?
Uh...
Well. earlier today...
I almost fell off the wagon.
Yeah.
But. um...
you know. and then I heard
about the baby.
And. um...
I think it's gonna be
just what I need
to keep me
on the straight and narrow.
And. yo. please don't say
nothing to nobody.
You know. Dime don't really know
I know.
I just overheard the doctor
talking to her in the hospital.
Damn.
That must have hit you
like a ton of bricks.
Real talk. it did.
But. um...
Thank you.
It's just what I need to keep me
on the straight and narrow. man.
- Amp.
- Yeah.
Your sobriety is everything.
You gotta do this now.
for your baby.
I know.
Hey. Fuego. man. um...
thank you for always listening
to me. bro.
Oh... No problem. bro.
No. I really appreciate that. man.
'Course. Hey. don't worry.
- I'll keep this a secret.
- You better.
- Congratulations. man.
- Thank you. man.
- Let me get outta here.
- All right. man.
Thanks. man.
- Okay.
- All right.
Wow.
Damn it! Damn it!
Damn it! What did I do?
What did I do?
I can't remember shit.
Okay. Okay.
Madam.
Madam. Madam.
Oh. shit!
When she didn't answer.
did I... did I go over there?
Fuck. I can't remember shit.
Oh. God!
Okay. Okay. okay.
Stay calm. stay calm. stay calm.
- Hello.
- Mayor Watson.
This is Detective Davis
from Atlanta PD.
I need to talk to you.
Um. concerning?
I think you already know.
Marilyn DeVille has been shot.
Um. so. why do you need
to talk to me?
You know what. you're right.
This should be discussed
in person.
I'd like to come over
right now.
No. h-here?
No. I-I think that I can. uh.
I can reach you at the station.
- That's-that's better.
- Okay. But please be quick.
- Time is of the essence.
- Okay. Of course.
Oh. God. Oh. God.
It's late.
Where you headed off to?
We haven't reached
the questioning phase
of our relationship.
Damn. just looking out for you.
It's late.
It's dangerous out there.
People be getting shot.
Yeah. well. if you must know.
I have to run an errand.
I'll be back within the hour. okay?
Okay. Well. I'll be here waiting
on you.
Be careful.
Thanks.
Where did she put that gun?
Oh. shit.
This you?
Yes. it is.
Okay. Samantha. I see you.
Mm-hmm.
I'll wait till you see
all of me.
You make sure
you use that number.
Oh. I'mma definitely call you.
Well. everything looks good.
Amazing. actually.
Yeah. Yeah. my view from here
pretty good. too.
Well. if you like that view.
you're gonna love this one.
Damn.
I like your bedside manner.
Yeah?
I'm definitely seeing something
else I'd rather be eating
than this nasty-ass
hospital food.
Well. we do need to keep you
on a healthy diet.
Hold on.
you're too good at this.
and I don't wanna cum yet.
I mean...
you can move down
to my dick. but...
that might make you cum faster.
I'll take my chances.
All right.
Oh. be careful.
Thanks for coming down.
Mayor Watson.
- Of course.
- Please. have a seat.
I. uh...
don't know why I'm here.
especially at this hour.
but here we are.
Unfortunately.
attempted murder investigations
don't work
on a time clock.
So...
Preliminary investigations show
that she was shot
with a 1911.
Okay.
This is a high-profile case.
With you being mayor now.
I just assumed
that you wanna be kept
up to date.
Yes. y-you're right.
Thank you so much for keeping me
abreast of the matter.
Absolutely. I mean. it's what
we would have done for Jack.
so I assume that you would want
the same courtesy.
- Yes. yes. you are so right.
- Yeah.
Um. and I trust that you'll do
your due diligence.
but please be sure
to run all evidence by me
once it's been processed.
I mean...
I don't wanna bore you
with the mundane findings.
but I promise anything big
that we come across.
I'll bring it to you.
Sure. I'd love to know
any information
that you get.
because as you said.
it's a very high-profile case.
Yes. fair enough.
I'll make sure that happens.
In the meantime. have you set up
a press conference
to get ahead of the news?
No. not yet.
I'll let you get
a little further along
in your investigation
before I decide
if it even needs to happen.
Okay. That sounds good.
Um...
Let me ask you.
do you have any suspects?
Unfortunately. no. not yet.
But whoever we're looking for.
I'm pretty sure has been shot
because we realized
that Madam got a shot off.
Oh. So that makes
your list of culprits...
easier to find. I'm sure.
Not necessarily. because just
because she got a shot off
doesn't mean that it actually
made contact with anyone.
Oh. okay. Well...
- I appreciate the information.
- Absolutely.
Please be sure
to keep me updated.
Yes. Oh. I'm sorry. I won't keep
you any longer.
- Thank you for coming by.
- Thank you.
- Appreciate you.
- Thank you so much.
Hey. You cold?
- You want my jacket?
- I'm okay.
You sure?
No. I'm good.
Thank you.
Okay.
- What?
- Nothing.
Um. well. I saw your face. you
know what. you don't like it?
You want something condiments?
I got some...
No. it's... I'm fine. It's good.
You sure?
Yo. um. come here.
We went through a lot.
Put your feet up.
I heard it improves
the circulation.
- No. it...
- There we go.
How many times do I have
to keep telling you I'm fine?
- Let me eat in peace.
- Okay.
Well. at least let me get you
a pillow for your back
from the nurse's station.
What is going on with you?
You're acting weird.
I'm just trying to make sure
you're all right.
- Are you sure you're okay?
- Mm.
How many times do I have
to tell you I'm fine?
People faint all the time.
Dime. we both know
you ain't just faint.
What are you talking about?
You see. I was...
I was standing
outside the door...
and I heard the doctor
giving you advice about...
your pregnancy.
You're pregnant!
Yo.
Dime. shit.
I'm gonna be a father. man.
Wow. baby. Come here.
Come here. Come here. Come here.
Wow.
That's crazy.
Ooh.
What you just saw
doesn't have to happen.
What I just saw. lady.
would never happen.
Not if you decide
to walk the straight and narrow.
That is. if you survive.
Your skinny ass does not
look like a psychic to me.
I don't have to be a psychic
to know that karma is real.
Okay.
Now we agree on something.
Because. yes. karma is a bitch.
But you see. I am that bitch.
The fuck you talking about?